The master is the prince's man
Good at teaching the prince a few years ago
This time Ning Dao
It was he who tipped off the prince
Today's master's responsibility is that his subordinates are not good at doing things
Off the fan
After returning to Jinyi Moon, lead a hundred sticks
Thank you for your kindness
Master, our people found out
The real Xu Wenjing is making a deal
Zhuangzi sings every day
The identity of this young man is still under investigation
Results will be available in three days.
Got it.
Impersonating Xu Wenjin's identity
continue to make an appointment
The border defense soil is also very likely to fall on him
If it is the dark state of the enemy country
You saved me twice
It's about identity.
If you have something to hide
You can tell me within three days.
I'll deal with it in a hurry.
Three days only three days
The academy can't stay any longer
But what about my mother's illness?
Your mother's condition deteriorates
It's not my style to be soft-hearted
Why can't you do it to him alone?
Master, when we investigate
I found out that Mrs. Xu also knew that someone had replaced her
When Mr. Xu entered school
Do you need our help to cover up? No